__config.py__:
1. Store configuration related data, in which the path variable needs to be set to the target output path, baseline_path needs to be set to the output path of the baseline experiment, and initial_path needs to be set to the path of the system description. model_file_lab1 needs to be set to the Oracle data path.
2. Store the required prompt for each experiment

!! Note: Before running each experiment, you need to change the file path to your own file path!

__lab1_baseline.py__:
This file is used in Experiment 1 to test the baseline method, where we can get baseline by setting the api_key to our own api_key and running main.

__lab1_ours__:
This file is used for experiment 1 to test the effect generated by the method proposed by the authors of this paper. At runtime, just set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the operation effect of the method proposed by the authors of this paper.

__lab2.py__:
This file is used in the second experiment to test and compare the effect of the authors' method (two rounds of dialogue) and baseline (single round of dialogue) in generating classes and attributes. At runtime, simply set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the final result.

__lab3_decompose_ours.py__:
This file is used for Experiment 3 to test the effect of the decomposition problem method proposed by the authors of this paper on generating the inter-class relationship problem. At runtime, just set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the final result.

__lab3_merge_baseline.py__:
This file is used for Experiment 3 to test the baseline (no decomposition problem) method on the generation of inter-class relationship problems. At runtime, just set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the final results.

__lab4_association.py__:
This file is used for Experiment 4 to test the effect of temperature on the generation of inter-class associations. At runtime, just set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the final result.

__lab4_inheritance.py__:
This file is used for Experiment 4 to test the effect of temperature on the generation of inter-class inheritance relationships. At runtime, just set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the final result.

__lab4_class_attribute.py__:
This file is used for Experiment 4 to test the effect of temperature on the generated class and class attribute. At run time, just set the api_key to its own api_key and run the main function to get the final result.

__structure.py__:
This file defines different types of structs to facilitate the subsequent comparison of the relationships between classes.
First is the definition of the class struct. Member properties include: class name, type, attribute list; Methods include: get the class name, get the class, get the property list, and judge the match function. The match function mainly performs the matching mapping between classes by calculating the Jaccard similarity.
The second is the definition of the property struct. Member attributes include the name of the attribute and the class of the attribute. The methods include: get the attribute name, get the attribute category, and judge the match function. The match function determines whether the generated attribute is correct by comparing the string similarity of two attributes.
Finally, the definition of the relational struct. Member attributes include sourceClass, targetClass, relation type, source-class multiplicity, target-class multiplicity; Methods include: get source class name, get target class name, get relation type, get source class multiplicity, get target class multiplicity, and match function. The match function compares the source class and target class in a relation with the source class and target class in the Oracle class to judge whether the relation is generated correctly or not.

__Parser.py__:
This file is used to convert the generated results into structs with a certain format so that we can compare them with the standard answers later. The file is divided into four parsers, ResultParser is the parent parser, and subsequent parsers inherit on this basis. ClassParser is a class parser that parses the generated class answer into a previously defined class structure and returns the result. The AttributeParser is the attribute parser, which parses the generated class attribute information answer into the previously defined class attribute structure form, and returns the result. RelationshipParser is an inter-class relationship parser that parses the generated answer to the inter-class relationship information into a previously defined class structure and returns the result. FileParser is a file parser that parses the answer to the generated file information into the previously defined class structure form and relationship structure type, saves it in the form of a list and returns it.